It's you?
Broker?
You don't know why I've had these shoes?
Trust me, you're gonna need her.
Olivia is a killer. You'll like her.
Why would I need it?
That's cool.
I'll leave the two of you to talk.
You'll see why I thought I should be perfect for you.
Oh my god. Does he already know that I'm a lawyer?
I shouldn't have lied to him earlier.
I can do this.
Hi, Mr. Hart. So great to see you again.
Tonight.
So, what can I do for you?
Do.
For me?
Yes.
Why don't we start with, how long have you been married?
You know I'm married.
And you're still?
Mr. Carter, he...
No, no, no.
So Lawrence is your client too?
Yes. He was really anxious about getting married, so he called me.
This is unbelievable.
Okay, well I know it sounds unusual, but I've been practicing for a very long time.
And all of my clients are very satisfied.
That's enough.
You don't believe me.
Well, I can show you.
Show me.
How?